feat(websocket_server sink): add support for websocket subprotocol (#22854)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/22854_websocket_server_subprotocol_support.feature.md

> Added support for `Sec-WebSocket-Protocol` header in `websocket_server` sink, for better support for clients that require this header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for the `Sec-WebSocket-Protocol` header in the `websocket_server` sink to better accommodate clients that require it.
```
